The ship's captain, Capt.
J. D. Riley, is replying hotly to some of the accusations of a Mr. Joseph Morse, chief supervisor for the Trans-Atlantic Steamship Company.
There have been a great number of petty complaints about the service on the ship.
Of course, they were logged by wealthy, eccentric passengers who were not easily pleased.
The captain had just about had enough of the criticism directed at him by the company, and has told the  supervisor so.
The captain will be reprimanded for his outburst by being demoted to first mate.
A smuggler is being apprehended.
The people are the smuggler, himself, and the captain of the ship, who has decided to handle the episode personally.
An international smuggler has tried to sneak a fortune in diamonds on to a ship from Paris to New York.
Unfortunately for him, a steward overheard his bragging while drunk at the bar, and an investigation turned up the diamonds.
The captain is telling the smuggler he will have the book thrown at him, while the smuggler protests his innocence.
Captain Jones of the U.S.S.
United States is explaining ship procedures to Mr. J. W. Matthews, a businessman going to England.
Mr. Matthews has no confidence in ships and in the past has refused to sail them.
So the captain's explaining the safety factors.
Mr. Matthews is not too sure about the ship, and he wants to gain confidence in ships.
Mr. Matthews has a safe trip and reaches England.
A famous European pianist is a passenger on the ship which has just docked in America from Europe.
A passenger is trying to get an interview with him before visitors are legally admitted on the ship.
Therefore he is arguing with the captain.
The reporter would like to scoop his rival papers.
The captain is hesitant since he has been instructed to allow no one on board.
The captain will finally accept a monetary bribe and the reporter will get his interview.
The man in uniform is captain of the boat.
He is greeting the other man who has just boarded the boat.
The second man is a pilot to guide the boat into the harbor.
The slightly anguished look on the captain's face is because he is late in arriving due to a severe hurricane which he encountered at sea.
He has been up for two days straight guiding the boat trying to find the calmest waters.
The captain is tired; he wants to leave the crowds.
The pilot will come on and as soon as they dock the captain will retire and get some sleep.
One man is the captain of a large luxury vessel; the other is a businessman who frequently travels the route.
The two are old acquaintances.
When they met on the dock by chance a lively conversation began.
On past voyages the two struck up a friendship born out of common experience.
They philosophize and discuss the behavior of the tourists as observers, above the common crowd.
Both are happy to know they will have a close companion on the coming voyage.
They will continue their close but sporadic friendship until an unforeseen calamity suddenly removes one.
Admiral Scrowlsy Gafoon is discussing with his personal bodyguard, Smugs McKingle, the plans of the coming night--the plot to sink the capitalist regime's flagship and largest destroyer by an accidental collision.
Scrowlsy Gafoon is a personal enemy of the capitalist Admiral Bones McKid and wants to get even with him for nothing at all.
Gafoon wants a good job and wants to make sure no one in the crew squeals.
Gafoon's ship will sink.
Jack the knife is being bawled out by the captain of the good ship Arkansas.
The captain says, No, you bastard, I won't pay a cent!
Jack (the knife) and his buddies have Irma, the captain's daughter, tied up in the cellar.
Jack has asked for $20,000 from the captain for his daughter's release.
Jack thinks the captain is foolish.
The captain doesn't care.
His daughter has run away with a musician from a side-show, and her father has formally disowned her.
Irma will escape probably.
The people are as follows: a passenger on a passenger ship in Paris about to leave for the U.S., and a customs officer in Paris.
The passenger has just been told that he cannot take a suitcase full of bananas on board with him.
The passenger wants the bananas to take home to his pet chimpanzee, which is starving because it won't eat anything except bananas cooked in Charlie's Banana Shop in Paris.
The man thinks he should be allowed to do it not for himself but to be humane.
The officer would like to help but can't.
This is a sea captain talking to the president of his line.
He is angry for reasons described below.
The line president has forced the captain to bring his boat into port a day early.
The captain is angry because he has just received a ticket for double-parking his boat and since there was no other available pier, the captain wants the president to pay the fine.
The president wants to go home.
The president will go home, and pay the fine.
The boat will be moved.
A husband and wife have stopped during one of their Sunday promenades.
The man, smiling so casually, obviously has a great deal of love for the woman whose back we can only see.
But they have known each other for years, and are not like the other couples seen sitting by the edge of the Seine.
They don't feel that overwhelming compulsion to touch that young lovers do.
It wasn't always like that though, as the man is now remembering.
Those winter days by the river, the spring days in the fields, The man and woman will continue in their life of contentment they have found.
We sat bundled up on a wooden bench, talking to keep warm, and watching the immobile scene of deserted frozen water caught beneath ice and between the piers of a stone bridge.
Paris was empty, as far as we were concerned.
Only John and I were left to take in the dead sights and talk and talk and talk endlessly.
We would never leave the bench.
We too would be frozen into the scene.
Sam and Martha are very good friends.
They haven't seen each other for awhile because Sam was in jail for killing his wife.
He just got out of prison yesterday and immediately went to see Martha, one of his best and closest friends.
He stayed at her apartment last night, and they made love, since Martha felt obligated to, in a way, because Sam had been without companionship for such a long time.
Today they decided to go for a walk along the river.
They thought it would be a good opportunity to get reacquainted.
They talked about old times and the future and just things in general.
Little did Martha suspect that Sam had deep psychological problems and was in the process of plotting his next murder--hers.
Sam is a psychopathic killer, as well as a womanhater
What's the matter?
I don't know, I just don't think that you're the kind of person I want to spend all my time with, Richard.
Well, what did I do?
It didn't have anything to do with my getting too drunk the night before, did it?
No, it's just your personality.
You aren't ever relaxed and easygoing.
Just the fact that you immediately thought something was wrong just because I wasn't cheerful.
How come you automatically assumed it had something to do with you?
Well, I just thought that since you weren't glad to see me that there was something wrong.
It was the first snow fall of winter.
It was odd coming back to Cambridge after so many years away.
We sat there by the bridge, Mary and I, and reminisced about our now distant childhood.
The recollection of skating on the Charles, and the time she had pushed me through the ice, brought a laugh to the conversation; but it quickly faded in the murky waters of the river that could no longer freeze over.
The town that had been an enormous playground for us years before was now a polluted city on the move.
Being away had frozen Cambridge ....
The girl is very upset; she is on the verge of tears.
He is quite cool, happy-go-lucky.
He is detached, doesn't want to be involved.
He takes her hand, he listens to her problems and questions about life and their probable future relationship, but he doesn't really care.