J. D. Riley, is replying hotly to some of the accusations of a Mr. Joseph Morse, chief supervisor for the Trans-Atlantic Steamship Company.
The captain had just about had enough of the criticism directed at him by the company, and has told the  supervisor so.
The captain will be reprimanded for his outburst by being demoted to first mate.
A smuggler is being apprehended.
Unfortunately for him, a steward overheard his bragging while drunk at the bar, and an investigation turned up the diamonds.
The captain is telling the smuggler he will have the book thrown at him, while the smuggler protests his innocence.
A famous European pianist is a passenger on the ship which has just docked in America from Europe.
Therefore he is arguing with the captain.
The reporter would like to scoop his rival papers.
The captain will finally accept a monetary bribe and the reporter will get his interview.
The two are old acquaintances.
When they met on the dock by chance a lively conversation began.
On past voyages the two struck up a friendship born out of common experience.
Both are happy to know they will have a close companion on the coming voyage.
They will continue their close but sporadic friendship until an unforeseen calamity suddenly removes one.
Admiral Scrowlsy Gafoon is discussing with his personal bodyguard, Smugs McKingle, the plans of the coming night--the plot to sink the capitalist regime's flagship and largest destroyer by an accidental collision.
Gafoon wants a good job and wants to make sure no one in the crew squeals.
Jack the knife is being bawled out by the captain of the good ship Arkansas.
Jack (the knife) and his buddies have Irma, the captain's daughter, tied up in the cellar.
His daughter has run away with a musician from a side-show, and her father has formally disowned her.
The line president has forced the captain to bring his boat into port a day early.
The man, smiling so casually, obviously has a great deal of love for the woman whose back we can only see.
It wasn't always like that though, as the man is now remembering.
Those winter days by the river, the spring days in the fields, The man and woman will continue in their life of contentment they have found.
Only John and I were left to take in the dead sights and talk and talk and talk endlessly.
Sam and Martha are very good friends.
They haven't seen each other for awhile because Sam was in jail for killing his wife.
He just got out of prison yesterday and immediately went to see Martha, one of his best and closest friends.
They thought it would be a good opportunity to get reacquainted.
They talked about old times and the future and just things in general.
Little did Martha suspect that Sam had deep psychological problems and was in the process of plotting his next murder--hers.
We sat there by the bridge, Mary and I, and reminisced about our now distant childhood.
The recollection of skating on the Charles, and the time she had pushed me through the ice, brought a laugh to the conversation; but it quickly faded in the murky waters of the river that could no longer freeze over.